Deprecation notice (#388)
grafana/grafonnet-lib: README.md

# Grafonnet ==**DEPRECATED**==

Jsonnet libraries for writing Grafana dashboards as code.

> > **NOTE**: This repository is deprecated. It is being replaced with a new
>   (autogenerated) version to be found at https://github.com/grafana/grafonnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: This repository is deprecated. It is replaced with a new
  generated version to be found at https://github.com/grafana/grafonnet.
```

Author: thx

Although deprecated, this repository will not be removed. It will remain in

> place so that code using this codebase will continue to function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
place so that code using this library will continue to function. 
```

Author: thx
